Fix: Client-side account deletion (#2775)
appwrite/appwrite: docs/references/account/update-status.md

> Block a currently logged in user account. Behind the scene, the user record is not deleted but permanently blocked from any access. To fully delete an user, use UsersAPI instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block the currently logged in user account. Behind the scene, the user record is not deleted but permanently blocked from any access. To completely delete a user, use the Users API instead.
```
